Update window-functions.md (#1777)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: versioned_docs/version-1.6/transform/window-functions.md

EXCLUDE NO OTHERS
```

> `EXCLUDE CURRENT ROW` just means that the `CURRENT ROW` will excluded from the frame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`EXCLUDE CURRENT ROW` means that the `CURRENT ROW` will be excluded from the frame.
```

> `EXCLUDE NO OTHERS` is the default, which means that all rows in the frame will be processed. It can be omitted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`EXCLUDE NO OTHERS` indicates that all rows within the frame will be processed. As this is the default setting, there is no need to explicitly specify it.
```

:::note

In RisingWave, `frame_clause` is optional. Depending on whether the `ORDER BY` clause is present, the default value is different. When the `ORDER BY` clause is present, the default value is `ROWS UNBOUNDED PRECEDING AND CURRENT ROW`. When the `ORDER BY` clause is not present, the default value is `ROWS UNBOUNDED PRECEDING AND UNBOUNDED FOLLOWING`. This is different from the behavior in PostgreSQL. The difference is temporary. Once the `RANGE` frame clause is supported in RisingWave, the default values will be aligned with PostgreSQL.

:::

Example:
```sql
CREATE TABLE t (v1 int);

> insert into t values(1, 2), (3, 4), (5, 6);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
INSERT INTO t VALUES(1, 2), (3, 4), (5, 6);
```

Reviewer: Please capitalize the keywords.

insert into t values(1, 0), (3, 1), (5, 2);
flush;
select * from t;
select v1, v2, array_agg(v2) over (partition by v1 order by v2 desc ROWS BETWEEN CURRENT ROW AND 1 FOLLOWING ) FROM t;
```

Output:
```
-- select * from t;
 v1 | v2 
----+----
  1 |  2
  3 |  4
  5 |  6
  1 |  0
  3 |  1
  5 |  2
(6 rows)

-- select v1, v2, array_agg(v2) over (partition by v1 order by v2 desc ROWS BETWEEN CURRENT ROW AND 1 FOLLOWING ) FROM t;
 v1 | v2 | array_agg 
----+----+-----------
  1 |  2 | {2,0}
  1 |  0 | {0}
  3 |  4 | {4,1}
  3 |  1 | {1}
  5 |  6 | {6,2}
  5 |  2 | {2}
(6 rows)
```

Explanation:
1. `array_agg` concatenates a set of values together.

> 2. `partition by v1` is similiar to our aggregation clause of `GROUP BY`. We will group all rows with the same `v1` value, so we have 3 unique partitions: `v1:1`, `v1:3`, `v1:5`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. `partition by v1` is similar to our aggregation clause of `GROUP BY`. We will group all rows with the same `v1` value, so we have 3 unique partitions: `v1:1`, `v1:3`, and `v1:5`.
```

4. Next, we consider 1 partition, `v1:1`. For this partition, we have 2 rows.
   `{v1:1, v2:2}` and `{v1:1, v2:0}`.

> 5. `order by v2 desc` tells us to process the records in descending order by `v2`, so you can see that we first append `v2:2` then `v2:0`, yielding `{2,0}` for the `array_agg` of partition `v1:1`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. `order by v2 desc` specifies that the records should be processed in descending order based on the `v2` value. As a result, we first append `v2:2` and then `v2:0` to the `array_agg` function, yielding `{2,0}` for the `v1:1` partition.
```

> 6. The frame expression `ROWS BETWEEN CURRENT ROW AND 1 FOLLOWING` also applies to each partition, so for the partition `v1:1`'s first row, we have `{2, 0}` as the `array_agg`, but for the second row, since there's no row following the current one, we only get `{0}`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. The frame expression `ROWS BETWEEN CURRENT ROW AND 1 FOLLOWING` also applies to each partition. For the first row in the `v1:1` partition, we have `{2, 0}` as the result of `array_agg`. However, since there's no row following the second row in the partition, the `array_agg` function only yields `{0}` for that row.
```
